Wow
oh you look uh I mean it's just that
that dress
I hope the ends of these sentences are
good they're good it's just been a while
since I've seen you like this
you clean up good oh thank you
oh okay stop stop look at me like that
last time that happened that happened
all right so are you uh you excited
about your your first night away from
Emma yeah yeah fede and I have so much
fun and thank you for watching the baby
but oh it's fine actually I invited Mike
over Phoebe's Mike no I didn't know that
you guys hung out so we don't but I
thought it'd be nice to get to know you
know maybe have a little dinner drinks
conversation oh that's so cute Ross and
Mike's first date was that gonna be
awkward I mean what are you guys gonna
talk about Oh No but you know we we have
a lot in common you know um he plays
piano I played keyboards in college
he's been divorced I have some
experience in that area girls night out
indeed okay so now I think Emma is
probably down for the night but if you
need energy will be fine right you go
have fun okay you too I hope you score
some of the pizza be here by now they
said 30 minutes or less well how long
has it been 11 minutes and now 12
do you like the beer I do I do
although it's actually a lager
huh what's the difference between beer
and lager I don't know we could look it
up things are about to get wild oh so
what's going on with you and Ross
um I don't know I mean for a long time
nothing you know actually right before
you pick me up Ross and I had a little
thing oh my god I love things what
happened well um
first he told me he liked how he looked
and uh then we had a little um I contact
eye contact mm-hmm I hope you were using
protection excuse me uh these are from
the two gentleman at the end of the bar
should we send them something back oh
let's do oh let's send them mashed
potatoes no that's gonna make a pic they
can come over here so what if they do
we're not here to meet guys you have a
boyfriend I have a baby and a Ross yeah
but but nothing has to happen we're just
having fun you know not everything has
to go as far as eye contact
you
well the point is maybe I should just
stop waiting around for moments with
Ross you know I should just move on with
my life so really you're moving on from
Ross no do I have to decide right now
you kind of just did that guy's gonna
call you tonight Ross is gonna pick up
the phone and that's pretty clear
message oh my god Ross Ross is gonna
pick up the phone oh I have to get my
number back oh my god he's gone
oh I get my number back oh my god he's
gone dead on